Amy: Previously on "heartland:"
- Ty!
Amy: I miss you, ty,
But I will do my best
to move on,
Because I know that's
what you would want,
And that's what our daughter
and I will do.
- It's been amazing being
in business with you guys,
But... I gotta do this.
I'm buying the herd.
Peter: I still have
feelings for you, lou,
And I just wanted you to know.
- I think we need to take
a break.
Tim: You know, I meant what
I said about you travelling.
- You want to get to know
me better,
What do you think
about tagging along?
♪♪♪
(cows moo)
(hooves thud)
(buddy snorts)
(tack jingles)
♪♪♪
(birds chirp)
(herd moos)
Jack: (whistles)
get up! Get up!
♪♪♪
(herd bellows)
(buddy snorts)
(phone rings)
(annoyed lip suck)
(herd bellows)
(small laugh,
beeps call on)
Fred garland, how you doing?
I'd be happy to help you,
what can I do for you?
(water burbles)
(birds chirp)
(tack jingles)
(shadow snorts, nickers)
(whinnies softly)
- Here, come on, sweetie.
(birds chirp)
- Next time we come
to the stream,
Can I ride harley?
- On your own?
- I'm too big to ride double.
- Are you? (laughs)
- I'm going to school soon,
aren't I?
- Yes, I... I guess you are.
But that's... That's not
really school,
It's a day camp,
it's just for a week.
- But auntie lou says
it's school.
- Yeah, she does,
doesn't she?
It's um,
It's what auntie lou calls
"preschool prep camp."
- It's still school.
- (laughs) fine.
You win.
- It's your birthday soon.
I'm going to give you
something really special.
- You are, are you?
What is it?
(hushed)
- it's a secret.
- It's a secret? Well, I am
gonna find out your secret!
- No, you won't!
- Yes, I will!
(both laugh)
Yes, I will.
(truck rumbles)
♪♪♪
(insects buzz)
(tack jingles)
♪♪♪
(shadow snorts)
(truck rumbles distantly)
♪♪♪
(horses snort)
(hooves thud)
(whinnies)
(both horses whinny)
(hooves thud)
- Renard perez.
- Amy fleming.
That was absolutely amazing,
I...
- They're a couple of divas.
That's what happens when
you put them on a stage.
- For?
- Ah, dark horse.
It's an equestrian show.
Lyndy: Mama? Is that truck
coming to our house?
- (laughs) I think it is.
And I think I know who it is,
lyndy.
It's an old friend of mine.
I can't wait for you
to meet him. Come on.
(hooves thud)
(shadow snorts)
- Amy fleming?
- Yeah?
- Oh! Thank goodness!
I thought there was no one
here to meet me.
I'm sylvie fauchard.
I work with renard perez,
And I...
Well, apparently
we need your help.
Hello!
♪♪♪
♪ and at the break of day ♪
♪ you sank into your dream ♪
♪ you dreamer ♪
♪ oh oh oh oh ♪
- I feel like I've been
driving forever.
I didn't realize your ranch
was so far away.
It's like it's in the middle
of nowhere.
It's quite pretty, though,
isn't it?
I'm sorry.
I'm renard's lead trainer.
He insisted I come see you.
- Really, his trainer?
- I'm hungry, mommy.
- Oh. Um... How about
you run inside,
And ask lisa for a snack.
- Okay.
- Okay, see you in a minute.
(lyndy laughs)
- Your daughter?
- Yeah.
Tell me more about renard,
how is he?
- He's fine, getting on,
of course,
Everyone thinks he should
retire, but he won't listen.
He did send you an email,
right?
Why I'm here?
- No, I haven't heard
from renard in years.
- Okay. He forgot.
That's why he should retire.
- (laughs)
- Okay, so, here I am.
At his bidding.
Let me show you why.
That is zeus.
He is the star of dark horse.
- Wow, he's beautiful.
- And this...
This is his partner, juniper.
A word of advice,
keep your distance.
These two have worked together
for two years,
But in the middle
of a recent show,
They attacked each other,
and myself.
And renard seems to think
that you, and only you,
Can figure out what
the problem is, and fix it.
Of course, if you choose
not to work with them...
- Oh! No, I... I would love to.
But really, you don't
have to stay here.
- No, I have to,
it's my job, apparently.
- All right, well,
let's get them settled in.
How long have you been working
with renard?
- Oh, almost ten years.
Oh my, is it really that long?
I can't believe it.
(approaching footsteps thud)
- hey.
- So, listen to this.
Garland calls me up,
(water runs)
And he's wondering why tim
doesn't return his calls.
And he wants to talk to him.
- Yeah?
- To tim. He's doesn't
wanna talk to me.
So when I ask him why,
He says, well,
Because since...
I've always been adverse
to expanding
The heartland herd,
He thought he'd have better
luck convincing tim
To buy 'em.
- Oh, t-- I'm sorry.
To buy what?
- Mitch's herd.
- Oh!
- Mitch is selling his herd?
- Well, yeah, and the property
at aspen grove.
You must have known.
- No. No, I didn't know.
(receding footsteps)
(jack exhales)
- What else did fred say?
- Oh, more of the same.
He figured I was happy
just being the figurehead
Of heartland beef,
And that I might be wrapping up
my involvement by now.
What does he mean, "by now"?
- I'm guessing that he means
at this point
In some people's career,
some men would...
Want to take a step back.
- Ah, you mean,
some men my age.
- No, I don't mean age.
You're successful.
So maybe he thinks you wanna
stop and smell the roses.
- Oh! "smell the roses."
- I don't mean literally
smell roses, jack.
(birds chirp)
- So, your mom tells me
You're going to school
in the fall?
- No, I'm going to school
tomorrow.
- No, honey, that's not school.
- Yes, it is.
(amy chuckles)
- There's this wonderful
program for kids like lyndy
Who don't have daycare
or nursery school experience.
It teaches them how
to behave in the classroom.
- It's the summer!
Kids need to be outside
playing,
And making their own
adventures,
Not learning to sit at a desk.
They've got plenty of years
ahead of 'em to be doing that.
- I would agree, I think
it's a little bit premature.
- It's not! And you know what?
It'll be good for you, too.
You need to learn to let
the baby bird leave the nest.
- Sylvie, please,
tell us about travelling
With this amazing show,
dark horse.
What is that like?
- It's wonderful.
I've been all around the world,
Met interesting people,
Not to mention the beautiful
horses I get to perform with.
- It must be incredible.
- It is.
It's exhausting, you know,
all the rehearsing,
And travelling,
and press and training,
But... I love it.
It's my dream job.
- What do you do?
- I dance with horses.
Do you like horses?
- I love them.
- Oh! (laughs)
so do I.
(alarm beeps) oh!
Um... But I must excuse myself.
I have to get my sleep.
I get up early to do
my own workout,
And then another workout
with the horses.
Thank you so much for dinner.
- We have an extra room if
you would like to stay there.
- Oh! Um, no, no, no,
I'm used to life on the road,
So I have a very comfortable
setup in my trailer.
I prefer it.
Lou and lisa: Goodnight.
- Bonsoir!
(receding footsteps)
- (sighs,
laughs wryly)
- So, tell me how you
really feel
About the preschool prep camp
I went to all the trouble
Of finding out about.
- Well, you're probably right.
It'll be good for both of us.
And, I'm gonna be busy
working with sylvie,
So the timing is good.
- See?
- I think that she took
the job I turned down.
(small laugh) I would be
travelling the world,
Hanging out with famous people
if I had've accepted
That offer, just like her.
- Do you regret it?
- No. Not at all.
Ten years ago,
working with renard,
And those liberty horses,
That was my dream.
(sighs)
- Well, I get that.
I've had my own dreams
that slipped away.
Mitch is selling aspen grove
And his herd,
And he didn't even tell me.
- Yeah, but you guys broke up
six months ago, why would he?
- Well, we still talk
sometimes, I mean,
You'd think he would've told me
something like that.
I mean, it's pretty...
Life-changing. (sighs)
I just, I don't understand
men at all.
- And peter?
Have you talked to him lately?
- Yeah, I talk to him
all the time.
- Yeah, but he still hasn't
mentioned that weird
Late night phone call that
you said changed everything?
- It's like it never happened.
I mean, we talk
about everything,
We talk about kids, work,
Everything else in the world
except that.
The most important thing.
- Why don't you bring it up?
- No. No, I can't.
I can't let peter think
that he's the reason
I broke things off with mitch.
- (sighs)
- (pensive sigh)
anyway, your birthday.
- No, no, no, no.
- It's comin' up.
Do you want to do
something special?
- I'd rather just forget
about it, to be honest.
- Amy.
- I know, I used to love
birthdays, but...
Now...
With ty, I ju--
Please don't let lisa
do anything big, okay?
- We already know
you want it to be low-key.
- Thank you.
Both: (grateful laugh)
♪♪♪
(crickets chirp)
(latch clicks door shuts)
(screen bangs shut)
(footsteps thud on floorboards)
(crickets chirp)
♪♪♪
Amy: You know what I'd love?
Ty: What's that?
- I'd love to go and show
renard what I can do
With spartan, once...
Once I can actually
do something.
(both laugh)
- You're such a show-off.
- I am not!
- Oh, renard,
look at how good I am!
Check out my mad horse skills!
- I wouldn't say that.
- No?
- No!
(both laugh)
♪♪♪
(door opens)
- (inhales deeply)
ah!
Jack: Hello, stranger!
(jack chuckles)
Lou: They're still together.
Amy: Who knew?
(taxi rumbles off)
- (laughs) good to see you.
Lou: Jessica! Good to see you.
Jessica: Hi, thank you.
Nice to see you.
- Dad, welcome back.
- So, how you doin',
you survived, I guess.
- Yeah, we sure did.
- Yeah, we survived, all right.
We got married!
- (sighs) congratulations.
- So good to see you!
(all chuckle)
- So good!
- So you're-you're actually
married?
- Yep.
- When?
- How?
- Well, it was very impulsive.
- But it was-it was-it was--
- It was natural,
and just really--
- No, it was-it was...
It was perfect.
- It was perfect, wasn't it?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, amazing ceremony.
Lisa: You had a ceremony?
- Laid back.
- Oh.
- No... No rings?
- Um... Well,
Kind of hard to find rings
in the mountains of peru.
We have these, though.
- And we don't need rings
to show that we're married.
- Coffee, anyone?
- Tea?
Tea now.
- Tea.
- We had this amazing tea up
in the mountains on our way up,
I'm still buzzing from it.
- It was amazing.
What a rush, it was...
Anyway, it's good to be back.
- It is.
And we didn't want
to miss amy's birthday.
- (laughs) well, I can't wait
to get caught up.
But now I have to take lyndy
to school.
- (scoffs) it's summer.
What do you mean?
- J-ju-- leave it alone.
(small laugh)
(truck rumbles)
(gravel crunches)
(children laugh and shout)
(birds chirp)
(shift gear leaver)
- (exhales)
- There, you need some help?
That's it! That's it,
try again.
- What if I don't like it?
- (small laugh)
you'll love it.
You'll have so much fun.
- Will I have to sit
at a desk like gg said?
- (laughs)
No, I think it'll be more
like camp.
You'll be outside,
playing with the other kids,
You're gonna learn
so many new things.
Come on.
(children shout playfully)
- Okay, sweetheart.
There.
Miss clarissa: This must
be lyndy!
Hi, I'm miss clarissa,
your counsellor!
You are gonna
have so much fun!
- Hey.
It's okay, sweetie, I'll be
back in just a few hours.
You're gonna meet so many kids,
I can't wait to hear about it.
Okay? Love you.
- Come meet the other children.
Say bye to mommy.
- Bye, mommy.
- (laughs)
(kids shout playfully)
(door slams)
- (laughs quietly)
(seatbelt clicks)
(engine turns, rumbles)
(truck rumbles)
Tim: That's the sun gate
at machu picchu.
- The dawn was just breaking.
Lisa, it was spectacular.
- Oh!
- Amazing.
- Boy, I miss travelling
so much!
- Lou! This is so good.
We haven't had bacon and eggs
in six months.
- When did you get...
You know.
Have the ceremony?
- Two months?
- No, I think it was less
than that.
- (laughs) I have totally
lost track of time.
Jack: Yeah, you've lost
track of something.
- Why didn't you send a text
Or a telegram or something,
and let us know?
- Oh, just we didn't really
have time to.
Oh, we-we were in the middle
of nowhere, take a look.
- Well, you're back now.
And you and me, we need to do
some business catching up,
And we need to discuss it.
- Jack...
Relax, just got off a plane.
I'm not ready to talk business.
Not sure I'll ever be ready.
(forks clink)
- So where are you two
going to live?
- Well, we were thinking
that we could stay
At the main cabin at
the dude ranch for a while.
- The...
Tim: Yeah.
Well, it's where it all began.
(laughs)
- Um, I'm-I would love to say
yes, but it's high season,
You know that, dad, I mean,
It's booked for huge blocks
of time.
The main cabin is free tonight,
but I'll need you out early,
I have renters arriving,
I'm so sorry.
I had no idea you guys
were coming back.
- Are you okay with us
staying tonight?
- Absolutely. Just give me time
in the morning to clean it up,
You know, switch out
the towels, and the...
Sheets.
Oh my goodness, look at the
time, I have to get to work.
Tim: Hmm!
- Welcome back.
Jessica: Thank you.
Tim: Mmm!
(hooves thud)
- That's it, zeus.
Hey, bon garçon.
(hooves thud)
Easy, that's it.
(truck rumbles)
(engine shuts off)
(hooves thud)
Good boy.
Good.
(gate clangs)
- Wow, look at him move!
(zeus snorts)
- (laughs) okay.
Now that you're here...
Why don't you have a go?
- Uh, I would love to.
Hi, zeus.
Thank you.
- Enjoy.
(zeus nickers)
- hi.
Good boy.
(whistles)
(hooves thud)
(clucks tongue)
Good boy.
(zeus snorts)
(hooves thud)
- (whistles)
Ho. Ho.
(softly) hey.
(zeus whinnies)
- (laughs)
- so...
Renard did know what
he was talking about.
Let's see how you do
with juniper.
- Uh, absolutely.
Bring him on.
(chuckles)
(birds chirp outside)
(pencil rasps)
(phone rings)
(papers rustle)
- (groans)
(beeps call on)
Hello, fred,
what's on your mind?
No, I haven't decided yet.
Tim just got home.
I'll have to let you know.
Oh, how interested?
(door opens)
I see. Um, okay.
Um, I'll-I'll get back
to you on that.
(approaching footsteps thud)
all right, yeah.
- Can you believe my truck
started after six months?
- We need to discuss
that business I mentioned.
And there's a bit
of a deadline.
- Oh, that's something
I haven't missed.
Deadlines.
- Okay, I'll make it fast.
Mitch wants to sell his herd.
Fred wants us to buy it.
We have to let him know today,
Because there's somebody else
interested.
- That's easy.
I'm not interested in buying
any more cattle.
Mitch's or anyone else's.
- Since when?!
You used to beg me
to expand our herd!
- Well, I've changed,
you know?
I'm trying to uncomplicate
my life.
I'm just gonna go back
to running the rodeo school.
God knows what caleb's done
to it in the past six months.
And I have a wife.
A wife who loves to travel,
so I can't be tied down.
I'm surprised you're interested
at all, and considered it.
I mean, you always
fought against it.
- I'm allowed to change
my mind.
I've been thinking of
taking things up a notch.
- (chokes) really?
At this stage?
Okay.
Well, I'm not surprised mitch
is gonna sell.
He was never cut out
for the business.
(footsteps recede)
- (sighs heavily)
♪♪♪
(zeus and juniper
whinny and snort)
(hooves thud)
- That's it.
(clucks tongue)
Come on. Get up!
These guys are great.
(horses snort)
(whistles)
they seem fine together.
(amy's phone rings)
(amy groans) no.
(horses snort)
hey... I know.
I know. (sighs)
I'm sorry, I have
to pick up lyndy.
- Okay, but you arrive late,
and now leave early?
- Well, it's her first day,
I can't be late picking her up.
- (sighs)
- amy, I'll pick up lyndy.
- (groans)
- look grandpa,
She's expecting me,
and what if she had a bad day?
- (speaking french softly)
hmm? Hmm?
(speaking french)
hmm? Yeah.
(zeus nickers)
(juniper whinnies)
Amy: Sylvie, sylvie, watch out!
Hey! Whoa, whoa!
- Hey, juniper, behave!
(squealing whinnies)
- whoa! Whoa! Juniper!
Settle. Whoaaaa...
Sylvie: See, I told you,
they are not fine together!
(zeus nickers, snorts)
(sighs) shh! Shh! Shh! Shh!
Shh! Shh! Shh!
(nervous snorts)
come, come, come.
Shh! It's okay.
Let's go.
♪♪♪
Child: Bye!
Child 2: Hup! Hup! Hup!
(truck rumbles)
Woman: You can make it,
come on!
All right, do you need
any help with your shoes?
- Hi there.
(door shuts)
Woman: Looking good.
You're doing a great job.
- You must be mr. Bartlett!
I have heard so much about you!
The kids and I were talking
about their families today.
I can't believe
how lucky lyndy is.
I asked her why she called
you her "gg" - amazing!
To still have a great
grandfather in her life!
Just so wonderful.
So unusual!
(laughs)
- gg!
- Oh, hello, sweetie,
how are you?
Are you ready to go?
- Yes.
- Good.
- Bye, miss clarissa.
- Bye! (giggles)
- Bye, then.
- Bye!
(juniper snorts)
- easy, boy.
(whistles)
Easy. Easy.
- You're doing great, zeus.
(whistles)
- Juniper, hey! Hey! Hey!
(snorts)
- Stop! Hey!
- Hey! Ho.
(agitated snorting)
(sighs) I think...
- Hey zeus, it's okay.
- I think we need
to separate them.
- No, they need to relearn
how to work as a team.
- I just think it's too soon.
- I don't.
It's okay, baby, it's okay.
Shh, shh.
(agitated whinnies)
whoa! Hey!
- Whoa. Okay, juniper needs
his own space.
They both do,
Before they're ever gonna
work together as a team.
(low snorts)
♪♪♪
- Sylvie and amy seemed quiet
at dinner tonight,
Didn't you think?
I hope they're doing all right.
You seem quiet, too.
- I don't know.
I guess maybe I'm thinking
about the future, you know.
- Oh yes, little thing
of the future.
Is that it? (laughs)
- I'm serious, lise.
How should I be planning
for it?
What should I be doing
about it?
Should I be pulling back?
And taking it easier?
I mean... (scoffs)
- Well,
If you were to take
a few steps back,
Do you think you'd have regrets
later on down the road?
- Not buying mitch's herd
might be one of those regrets.
But you wanna travel more,
I heard you say so
this morning.
- Oh, but...
We have plenty of time
to do that.
I mean it.
- (sighs)
Okay, then.
I'm gonna buy that herd,
with or without tim.
- Okay.
- It's not time to retire,
Lise, it's time to ramp up.
(glasses clink)
(fire crackles)
(approaching footsteps thud)
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Well...
We are definitely
back to reality.
- Yeah, reality is not so bad.
- I wish lou hadn't rented
this place out.
- Yeah, I know.
But look at the bright side,
we've been travelling
For six months so we're used
to moving from place to place.
- (chuckles)
(in unison)
where shall we go tomorrow?
(both laugh)
- Forget about tomorrow.
- Yeah.
(light clicks off)
- ah...
♪♪♪
- Uh, no, no,
I understand, of course.
(chuckles)
Uh, yeah, okay.
Yeah, we'll talk soon.
(phone beeps off)
It's too late.
Mitch sold his herd.
- Sorry, honey.
(sighs heavily)
I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
(birds chirping)
(truck rumbles,
gravel crunches)
(skids to a halt)
(loud knocking)
- (startled grunt)
- Ohh... (groans)
- (knocking) dad?
Tim: Just a minute!
Jessica: Ohhhh!
- Ah! Oh!
(loud knocking)
hold on! Ah!
What?!
- You guys need to leave, now!
- (sighs) lou, it's so early.
- I know, but the renters
just texted me,
And they're almost here.
Dad, they're only a few
miles away,
I need you to get out
so I can clean, please!
Dad!
(door thuds)
(engine shuts off)
(hooves clop)
(door opens)
(door shuts)
- hey, I'm ready to work.
- How was lyndy this morning?
- She was good,
Yeah, she couldn't wait to see
her new friend, andy.
My grandpa is picking her up,
So I do have the whole day
to work. I have an idea.
- Okay.
(insects buzz)
(horse snorts)
This is too dangerous.
The ground's uneven.
They could hurt themselves.
- They'll be fine.
I think these two need to learn
how to be horses again,
Before they can ever be
performers.
(sighs)
- eh, mon garçon?
Faites attention, okay?
(light kiss,
zeus nickers)
(juniper whinnies)
- You're okay.
You know, sylvie,
I've noticed that when you pay
attention to zeus,
Juniper notices too,
he doesn't like it.
Is there a reason
that you worry about zeus
More than juniper?
- Zeus had an accident
six months ago.
He injured his lower leg.
I was actually terrified
that he wouldn't be able
To do liberté anymore.
I nursed him back to health.
I almost lived
in his stall with him.
- And I understand that, I do.
But he's fully healed now, so...
Maybe it's time you stopped
babying him.
- (scoffs)
I'm hardly babying him.
(disbelieving exhale)
- okay.
- You sound like renard.
- You know, sylvie,
you asked for my opinion.
And what I think is that you
need to reconnect with juniper
Before you're ever gonna get
these two to work together
As a team.
- Well, you know what I think?
I think you're wrong.
And I think renard
was wrong, too.
And I don't think we're
accomplishing anything here.
I'll leave tomorrow.
(items thud,
heels clack)
(thuds, horse nickers)
(tack jingles)
(truck rumbles up)
(tack thuds)
(truck shuts off)
Jack: So...
You say you're planning
a surprise for your mom,
And what's your idea?
- It's a secret.
- It's a secret,
Do you need help
with your secret?
- No. Miss clarissa said if
we want something bad enough,
We can make it happen.
- (laughs) well,
she may be right.
I could use a bit of that
advice myself right about now.
Ah!
- Sylvie!
- Hello!
- Don't be long,
it's almost dinner time.
(juniper snorts)
- oh! Uh...
Don't! He has a little bit
of a temper.
- I have a question.
- Of course.
- Can you please teach me
how to dance with harley?
- Oh!
Is harley your horse?
- He's my daddy's horse.
- Oh! I haven't met your daddy.
- He's in heaven.
♪♪♪
I wanna surprise mommy
on her birthday.
- Well actually,
I was gonna leave tomorrow.
- Please stay.
Please?
- (small laugh)
Operator: The person you are
calling is not available.
Please leave a message.
- Mitch, it's jack.
I understand you already sold
your herd, good on ya.
Now, listen.
The fact is
I've realized now that...
(laughs)
Well, if I want something,
I gotta go get it,
And I made a mistake in...
In not buying your cattle
when I had the chance.
And I just want you to know
That if that deal happens
to fall through,
I'll buy that herd
in a heartbeat.
And it'd be good to...
(sighs) you know, just...
Well... (laughs)
You know, keep it
in the family,
And just-- sorry for
the long-winded message.
And... See ya.
(beeps call off)
(regretful exhale)
(birds chirp)
- (gasps) he's being so good!
(harley snorts)
And then we're gonna bring him
in close to us, right here.
Okay? Come here.
Come here. Come here.
And... Whoa.
Whoa. Yeah, there we go.
- Now what is going on here?
It's dinner time, you know.
- It's a secret.
- Don't tell.
- Okay...
- Mr. Bartlett,
Would you like to try
something magical?
- No, no.
You know what they say
about old dogs and new tricks.
- Oh, come on.
I don't see any old dogs
around here.
Come! Try.
(harley nickers)
- How can you say no
to that, eh?
- (giggles)
- (sylvie laughs)
(birds chirp)
(horses whinny)
(zeus nickers)
- good morning, zeus.
My baby. Hmm?
(sighs)
Hi, juniper.
(juniper nickers)
Good boy.
You're a good boy.
(juniper snorts)
(latch clicks)
♪♪♪
- Sylvie?
(birds chirp)
♪♪♪
(low hum of chatter
and laughter)
- Ladies and gentlemen,
I'd like to announce
That you have a show to go to
in honour of amy's birthday.
Please make your way
to the ring!
- Come on, everyone.
- Ready?
- Okay.
♪ don't go looking over
your shoulder ♪
♪ they say we'll be wise
when we're older ♪
♪ and maybe we are ♪
(maybe we are)
♪ maybe we already are ♪
(hooves scraping)
♪ catching the moment ♪
- (clapping)
♪ don't look back
or we'll never know ♪
♪ right now we're golden ♪
(zeus exhales heavily)
♪ hold on tight
don't you let it go ♪
♪ high ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride ♪
♪ I will take my time ♪
♪ I won't let it slip away ♪
(hooves thud)
♪ high ♪
♪ chasing the light ♪
♪ gonna find my way ♪
♪ back to the sunny days ♪
♪ ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ oh, when the night's
gettin' colder ♪
♪ I'll be the one
that'll hold you ♪
♪ I'll be where you are ♪
(I'll be where you are)
♪ 'cause baby
we're goin' far ♪
(juniper snorts)
♪ high ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride ♪
♪ I will take my time ♪
♪ I won't let it slip away ♪
♪ take my time
I will take my time ♪
♪ oh... High ♪
♪ chasing the light ♪
- Good boy. Good boy.
- (applause)
- thank you.
Amy, will you come join me?
♪ whoa oh, whoa oh ♪
♪ don't look back ♪
- (laughs)
♪ or we'll never know ♪
♪ whoa oh, whoa oh ♪
♪ hold on tight
don't you let it go ♪
♪ high ♪
- (amy whistles)
♪ I'm gonna ride ♪
♪ I will take my time ♪
♪ won't let it slip away ♪
♪ ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
(hooves thud)
♪ high ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride ♪
♪ I will take my time ♪
♪ I won't let it slip away ♪
(hooves thud)
♪ high ♪
♪ chasing the light ♪
(hooves thud)
♪ gonna find my way ♪
♪ back to the sunny days ♪
♪ ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
(juniper snorts)
♪ oh when the night's
getting colder ♪
♪ I'll be the one
that'll hold you ♪
♪ I'll be where you are ♪
(I'll be where you are)
♪ 'cause baby
we're goin' far ♪
(juniper snorts)
♪ high ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride ♪
♪ I will take my time ♪
♪ I won't let it slip away ♪
♪ take my time
I will take my time ♪
♪ high ♪
♪ chasing the light ♪
(chasing the light)
♪ gonna find my way
back to the sunny days ♪
♪♪♪
(juniper whinnies)
(zeus and juniper whinny)
- Wow! Oh, wow.
(applause)
Tim: Oh! Great job.
Lou: Oh, it's beautiful.
- Thank you.
(applause)
- Wow! That was amazing!
- Just beautiful.
- I have one more surprise
for you.
- (laughs)
- And now, introducing,
jack and lyndy!
(applause and cheers)
- ohh! (gasps)
(applause)
(tack jingles)
- There you go.
- (laughs)
(harley snorts)
(soft tap)
♪ high ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride ♪
- (gasps)
♪ I will take my time ♪
(hoof thuds)
Lou: Bravo!
(applause)
Yay! Bravo!
- Good job!
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- (laughs) muah!
That was perfect, honey!
♪ gonna find my way ♪
♪ back to the sunny days ♪
♪♪♪
(brush rasps)
- I can't thank you enough for
working with lyndy and grandpa.
- Oh, you are very welcome.
(laughs)
- Renard is really lucky
to have you.
- You know, it was hard
on renard
When you turned down his offer.
Most people can't say no
to him.
- (sighs)
- I've spent a lot
of the last ten years
Trying to measure up to you.
I've sometimes felt like
I was his second choice.
I'm so glad you turned
him down.
(both laugh)
- Your life is so exciting.
I mean, travel
and performances.
Maybe I missed out on a once
in-a-lifetime opportunity.
- I don't think so.
I envy you.
Your beautiful daughter,
your incredible family,
And your amazing talent.
Being here made me realize
just how much I've given up
For a life on the road.
It was a good experience
working with you.
You have helped me to remember
that it's all about the horses,
Not the spotlight.
- (laughs)
Well, I think we both made
the right choices.
(juniper snorts)
- good boy.
(amy laughs)
(crickets chirp)
- That was a great performance,
I'm proud of you.
- Oh!
(phone rings)
- oh no.
oh!
It's mitch.
(phone rings)
(phone beeps on)
- Hey mitch,
what can I do for you?
(paper rustles)
- Awwww!
This is so nice.
Great picture.
- Miss clarissa said
We have to make pictures
of our family.
That's you, mama.
- Aw, is this the man
in the moon?
- No, that's dada.
That's where he said he'll be.
♪♪♪
(paper rustles)
- Love you.
- You bet.
Thanks for the call.
- So?
(beeps call off)
- So...
Mitch backed away
from the other deal,
He's gonna sell to me.
Says he wants to keep it
in the family.
- (laughs)
Congratulations.
(phone buttons beep)
- (nervous exhale)
(sighs heavily)
(line rings)
(lou's breath hitches)
(exhales)
(beeps call off)
(laughs wryly)
♪♪♪
(footsteps approach)
(sobs quietly)
- God, I just, I have to move
forward, you know?
I can't keep looking back.
I am in charge of my own life,
And it's time I started
living it.
Mitch is leaving,
He's getting on with his life,
And I need to do the same,
right?
And if it's not gonna be
with peter, either,
Then...
I just have to deal with that.
It's time I learn to be
on my own.
Oh! You think I would've
figured that out by now.
- Hey, don't be so hard
on yourself.
I learn from you every day.
- Yeah, things not to do.
- No, lou... (laughs)
Yeah, maybe sometimes.
- (huffs)
- But you were right
about the camp.
Lyndy loves it.
And it...
It has helped me
to let go, too.
- It's so hard to let go.
- Yeah, I know.
- Of course you do.
- (emotional exhale)
♪♪♪
Renard: The show
is about to begin.
(applause)
(tack jingles)
(hooves thud)
(applause)
♪♪♪
(light thuds)
(applause)
(door bangs)
- Hey. Couldn't sleep?
- Did you like the surprise?
- I loved it.
I loved everything about it.
It was a dream.
♪♪♪